>> Kyle Simpson: One last concern that
I hear a lot of people talk about with
these changes, these rapid things
that are changing with the languages,
well what about browser support, you know
I still have to support IE11 or something.
Well, again in that same period of
time where we had this long periods
of time with no change, correspondent
with that same period of time we also
saw a trend of developers basically being
on the trailing edge behind if you will.
And not just even on the trailing edge but
years behind the trailing edge of any new
feature, anytime something would come out.
In fact, there are developers today
that are still not using features that
landed in ES5 more than a decade ago
2009 landed something like strict mode.
And there are still way to many programs
out there that haven't been updated to
strict mode.
So there is the sense that some developers
feel safer because of whatever reason
they are required to support
these older browsers.
And they don't want to alienate those
users by shipping things where their
browsers won't work on the, the site won't
work on their older browsers or something.
And so some people feel like,
I can't adopt any of that new stuff here.
And the answer to that question,
which also became popular ES6
was this idea of transpilers,
you've undoubtedly heard of transpilers,
the most popular which is Babble.
And Babble takes your code that is
written in whatever the standard
JavaScript is of that moment.
And you can target it to create the
equivalent of that code in the older form.
So rather than you authoring the older
form it compiles to that older
form to ship a version of the file
that could run in an older browser.
So if your web application, if your
company only supports the one version
back from whatever the latest browser is.
If you're lucky enough
to be in that situation,
you probably almost
never need to transpile.
You're probably just shipping whatever
code because it's more than likely that
by the time you put that code in
the code base those browsers have it.
Browsers are constantly updating and
implementing and
testing with these features.
So maybe you have a little bit
of transpilation at best but
if you're in another situation where
you're still supporting IE10 or
IE11 or something and now you have a big
gap, so there is always gonna be a gap.
That gap might be a few weeks or
that gap might be a decade, but
there is always gonna be a gap
between what you have to support and
where the leading edge of the language is.
And where it used to be okay to
fall towards that trailing edge.
My claim is that the most important
thing we as developers can do
is to get on the leading
edge of that support.
Not that we're going for whatever
the hipster brand new features is,
right on the very earliest time,
the very first data that lands and
then writing all these just so
that we can look cool.
That's not what I mean.
But these features are being developed so
that we can communicate
better in our code.
And if we're not using
these features are for
saying I don't need to worry
about that for at least a decade.
Then were completely missing
out on the whole point.
So the way to bridge the gap between the
leading edge where the stuff is happening
and where you should be
trying to pay attention.
You don't have to learn every new feature
and master it the day it comes out, but
you should be aware of that pace and
that pulse of the language.
Aware of the direction aware of that
larger arc and that larger narrative and
trying to use those things when
they help your code improve.
Not you go rewrite the code everyday,
but try to factor those things in
as you refactor and as you update and
progress with your code.
And the way you bridge that gap back
to whatever you browser support is,
is tooling like transpilers.
Some people lament the fact that we have
to have these complex build systems, and
I understand that, I get it.
Complex build systems can be frustrating,
I am old school enough to remember
when you could just open up
a JavaScript file and an HTML file and
bam you had a webpage.
And so
the idea of having to install Babble, and
Webpack and all this, it's intimidating,
it's intimidating to me.
If my job depended on it,
I couldn't configure Webpack,
that is intimidating to me.
So I understand it.
But the downside again, is much worse.
The downside of saying well I don't even
need to worry about this stuff, I don't
have time for it, it's not going to
benefit me, and I can't support it anyway.
You've got to learn this stuff, you've
got to keep on that leading edge and
let tooling like transpilers
manage the gap for you.
I for
one welcome our new transpiling overlords.
That is our new future,
that is our new reality.
And I think it's a good and healthy
thing for the entirety of the JavaScript
ecosystem, for the future of JavaScript,
not just a year or 2 from now, but 5 and
10, and I think 20 years from now,
we're still going to be talking about how
JavaScript has lots of
things that it wants to do.